Clean up grammar in Microsoft SSO guide (#36)
EMnify/Documentation: README.adoc

* An Azure Subscription with an Active Directory license
* An account in the EMnify portal using the same email address as the one used to sign in to Microsoft Azure

WARNING: If your email address in the EMnify portal differs from the one used to log in to Azure, this setup won't work. Instead, add an additional user to the EMnify portal with `Administrator` privileges. 

==== SSO with Microsoft

> Log into Azure and navigate to `Azure Active Directory` in the left sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Azure and navigate to `Azure Active Directory` in the left sidebar.
```

Your configuration should look like this:
image:sso_api_permissions_s7.png[api permission configuration]

> In the left sidebar, go to *Expose an API*, click on `Set`, and then click on `save`. 

Reviewer: For the sake of consistency:
```suggestion
In the left sidebar, go to *Expose an API*, click `Set`, and then click `save`. 
```

==== Configure the EMnify Portal

Log in to your EMnify account, go to Organization Settings (building icon) in the top-level navigation, and click *Single Sign-On*.
image:sso_org_settings_s13.png[EMnify portal sso settings]

If you need SSO enabled for your account, contact support. 
image:sso_get_support_s14.png[get support to enable sso for your account]

Otherwise, click *Add* under the Microsoft SSO provider. 
image:sso_add_s15.png[add microsoft sso]

Fill in the *Client ID* and the *Client Secret* with the values you copied earlier, then click `Create and Activate`. 
image:sso_create_activate_s16.png[create and activate]

The final step is to verify the provider. You must complete this step to configure SSO. Click *Verify Integration* and follow the prompts.
image:sso_verify_s17.png[verify the sso provider]

==== Troubleshooting

> If a member of your organization runs into issues while setting up SSO with Microsoft Active Directory, check the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization encounters issues while setting up SSO with Microsoft Active Directory, check the following:
```

Author: This was settled in the other PR so not adding it to the batch

> * Do they see a ‘User canceled social login' message? If yes, make sure the application registration is set to Multitenant.

Reviewer: For the sake of consistency (see line 1581).
```suggestion
* Do they see a ‘User canceled social login' message? If yes, make sure the application registration is set to *Multitenant*.
```

Author: Does this still apply now that this troubleshooting section is generic and added to the end of the SSO section? 🤔

Author: Changed it regardless, but let me know and I can update for the PR to the new docs platform.

Reviewer: @carolstran Let's discuss this in real time when you are available. I'm approving for now.
